Update doc on partials to include new LaTeX and Beamer partials available in 1.7 (#1645)
quarto-dev/quarto-web: docs/journals/templates.qmd

When Quarto renders a document with a partial, it will use the built in template but replace a portion of the template with the provided partial. In the above case, the LaTeX title will be replaced with the implementation provided as the partial, while the rest of the built in template will be used.

> Note that the name of the partial files is important. You choose which portion of the template to replace by providing a partial with that name. Providing an empty file as a partial is a way to opt out some insertion without modifying the whole main template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the partial file is important. You choose which portion of the template to replace by providing a partial with that name. Providing an empty file as a partial is a way to opt out of some features without modifying the whole main template.
```

> You can see the list of partials available for each format below: [LaTeX Partials], [Typst Partials], [HTML Partials] and [Revealjs Partials].

Reviewer: I think we agreed we'd use explicit links in the docs. Also, add Beamer here.

Author: Sure. I should have fixed previous usage, instead of using the same

## LaTeX Partials

::: {.callout-note}

For `format: beamer`, see [Beamer Partials]

:::

View the Quarto LaTeX template and partials [source code here](https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-cli/tree/main/src/resources/formats/pdf/pandoc).

{{< include /docs/journals/_about-latex-beamer-partials.md >}}

> See the [full source code](https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-cli/blob/main/src/resources/formats/pdf/pandoc/template.tex) for the Quarto LaTeX template to see how these partials are invoked by default.

Reviewer: Maybe this belongs near the top of the list of partials. We might also mention that the partials are listed in the order in which they are included in `template.tex`.

Author: This url is different from Beamer and LaTeX partials, so I did not included it inside the include file as we can't really pass parameters to included file. 

or did you meant to put it before 
```
{{< include /docs/journals/_about-latex-beamer-partials.md >}}
``` 

?

## Beamer Partials

::: {.callout-note}

New from Quarto 1.7: `format: beamer` now uses its own template and partials.

:::

View the Quarto Beamer template and partials [source code here](https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-cli/tree/main/src/resources/formats/beamer/pandoc).

{{< include /docs/journals/_about-latex-beamer-partials.md >}}

> See the [full source code](https://github.com/quarto-dev/quarto-cli/blob/main/src/resources/formats/beamer/pandoc/template.tex) for the Quarto Beamer template to see how these partials are invoked by default.

Reviewer: Same comment applies here. Move this up.

{{< include /docs/journals/_about-latex-beamer-partials.md >}}

A copy of some of Pandoc's original files are also kept in Quarto's source as a reference. These files are: `beamer.template`, the main template used as `template.tex` containing all the partials; and `latex.common` the original version of `common.latex`,  which is tweaked to support Quarto's more specific partials.

> 

Author: Thanks for catching that !
